Skip to content
New issue

Have a question about this project? Sign up for a free GitHub account to open an issue and contact its maintainers and the community.

By clicking “Sign up for GitHub”, you agree to our terms of service and privacy statement. We’ll occasionally send you account related emails.

Already on GitHub? Sign in to your account

Style guide #642

Merged
merged 10 commits into from Dec 3, 2016

Conversation

@JeffSchering
Copy link
Contributor

JeffSchering commented Nov 4, 2016

Here's the first draft of the proposed style guide. I've broken it up into 4 separate pages. Input welcome! I need to know if I'm on the right track with this.

Added 'Literal blocks' and 'Menu selections'
Added content for 'Bullet lists' and 'Numbered lists and procedures' and
made a few minor adjustments elsewhere
Copy link
Contributor

it33 left a comment

Overall, really nice, some nits in comments. High-level

  1. Wondering if this should go into one file so it's easier to have in one place--or not. Interested in your thoughts.
  2. Can we remove the out-of-date docs guidelines in this PR while we're at it?

A section title is not required if you have only one section.

Avoid subsections. If you find that you need subsections, quite often the document is too long, or too complex, and needs to be broken up into several pages.

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@it33

it33 Nov 4, 2016

Contributor

Open to discussion.

I'm not sure about breaking into different pages, as it could clutter the navigation. We have typically used sub-sections, which also help when people are searching a page for a term.

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@JeffSchering

JeffSchering Nov 4, 2016

Author Contributor

There are two approaches to this. One is to have one large monolithic file. The other is to have a docset made up of standalone files that are used where needed via :toctree:. I suppose there are pros and cons to each approach, but I would advocate for more granular, standalone, topic-based files for all Mattermost docs, not just the style guide, for the following reasons:

  1. As a general rule, the content is easier to manage when it's broken up into standalone files with one topic per file. For example, if the MySQL config is one standalone file, it can be pulled into any number of Administration doc sets using :toctree: in Sphinx. If something changes and the MySQL instructions need updating, then the change is made in one place and that change automatically propagates to every doc set. If instead the MySQL content is copy/pasted into a dozen long pages, then you need to make sure that you catch every occurrence.
  2. Content is easier to find for end users. For example, search the docs for the term database installation (https://docs.mattermost.com/search.html?q=database+installation&check_keywords=yes&area=default) and try to figure out which one of the results has your answer. If instead there was a topic called "Installing PostgreSQL database" it would most likely show up in the search results. Furthermore, when you clicked that result, the page would open and the installation instructions would be right there. As it is, none of the search results look promising, so you end up scanning the toc and clicking around until you find something.

Having said that, it looks like a lot of open source products are going for the monolithic style these days. I suppose you can make use of the :include: directive, which would allow standalone files in the repo and a monolithic file appearing in the published docs. This would leave the options open.

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@it33

it33 Nov 6, 2016

Contributor

Thanks @JeffSchering, propose we try the open source style of monolithic with includes?

Agree on your points of being easier to search and find things, it's just the rest of our docs are monolithic, and if we're going to change it's going to be a larger project.

Maybe add a section in Doc Guidelines about how to organize within a monolith (e.g. maybe with a mini-TOC?) and how to use includes?

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@it33

it33 Nov 13, 2016

Contributor

@JeffSchering not sure your thoughts on trying the monolith vs. separate pages? This PR seems to have a number of short and long pages broken up, did you want them still separate?

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@JeffSchering

JeffSchering Nov 13, 2016

Author Contributor

I kept the pages separate, but when built they're all included into a monolith, which is what readers will see. See sg_mattermost-doc-style.rst for the ..include:: statements.

Here's an idea of what it would look like when ouput to HTML:

image

The Document sections stuff is in sg_document-structure.rst and Grammar, spelling, mechanics is in sg_grammar-spelling-mechanics.rst.

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@it33

it33 Nov 27, 2016

Contributor

Perfect, thanks @JeffSchering!

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@jasonblais

jasonblais Dec 2, 2016

Member

We actually use subsections quite a lot and can find them useful.

One sample page is Account Settings where we use subheadings to refer to particular account settings.

Let me know if you'd have any thoughts on that @JeffSchering? Could there be use cases when subsections might work better?

Numbers
=======

Use decimal numbers except when the number is the first word of a sentence. Use commas to make long numbers easier to read.

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@it33

it33 Nov 4, 2016

Contributor

Hmm... I wasn't clear the first time I read this what a "decimal number" was, and what was the alternative ("written number"?).

I had the read the examples multiple times and go back to the original description before I figured it out.

Maybe tweak a bit?

I think I learned the term "decimal numbers" when I was in grade school, but haven't thought of them since then...

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@JeffSchering

JeffSchering Nov 4, 2016

Author Contributor

How about: "Spell out numbers when they are the first word in a sentence, otherwise use numeric digits."

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@it33

it33 Nov 6, 2016

Contributor

Perfect, thanks!


Text highlighting
=================

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@it33

it33 Nov 4, 2016

Contributor
  1. Should we add an introduction sentence to this section?
  2. Should we add formatting to Highlights section to better communicate how each highlight appears?

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@JeffSchering

JeffSchering Nov 4, 2016

Author Contributor

Yes... more work needed here.

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@it33

it33 Nov 6, 2016

Contributor

Thanks Jeff,


.. comments
Main screen, Navigation panel, Message Details panel

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@it33

it33 Nov 4, 2016

Contributor

Er... kind of confused by this section...
image

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@JeffSchering

JeffSchering Nov 4, 2016

Author Contributor

Those are just comments to myself. They should be removed.

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@it33

it33 Nov 6, 2016

Contributor

Thanks Jeff,

Linking to other documents
==========================

Use relative links to reference other documents in the Mattermost doc set. Also, use either the :doc: or :ref: linking mechanisms that are provided by Sphinx.

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@it33

it33 Nov 4, 2016

Contributor

This section was confusing to me, could we get it to a state where we don't need to go to an external link?

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@JeffSchering

JeffSchering Nov 4, 2016

Author Contributor

Ok.

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@it33

it33 Nov 6, 2016

Contributor

Thanks Jeff

.. _Sphinx Markup Constructs: http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/stable/markup/index.html
.. _Inline markup: http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/stable/markup/inline.html

Literal blocks

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@it33

it33 Nov 4, 2016

Contributor

This section was also hard to follow for me. Perhaps add an intro sentence and some examples so it's more clear to someone who's learning, or coming over form markdown?

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@JeffSchering

JeffSchering Nov 4, 2016

Author Contributor

Makes sense.

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@it33

it33 Nov 6, 2016

Contributor

Thanks Jeff

Menu selections
===============

To indicate a series of menu selections, avoud the menuselection role that the Sphinx processor provides.

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@it33

it33 Nov 4, 2016

Contributor

It's a little difficult for me to follow "Menu selections", as I think this referring to documentation about selecting menus, but it's appearing in the RST tutorial section.

My expectation is that the RST tutorial would explain how to make things bold, italic, monospace, etc. and the guideline on how menu items appear would be in a different section?

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@JeffSchering

JeffSchering Nov 4, 2016

Author Contributor

Yes, that makes sense. The reason I have it here is because if you use the :menuselection: directive, you end up with normal text and a tiny grey right arrow between items instead of bold text with the > character between items. I don't think it's a problem to have the menu selection criteria in a couple of places, so I'll add it into the grammar-spelling-mechanics section.

It's probably worth it to review all the semantic markup elements offered by Sphinx and come up with either a blanket statement about using them or not using them, or specify those which we think should be used.

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@it33

it33 Nov 6, 2016

Contributor

Thanks Jeff, I think for this phase of the project we can maybe stay with basic RST (just what you see when you read our docs) and we can add the more fancy stuff later?

Generally knowledge of RST is low, so what you have to start is excellent. We kind of need the 10% of RST that covers 90% of use.

Copy link
Contributor

it33 left a comment

Overall looks good, just a couple of questions in my comments.

@lfbrock could someone from PM be assigned to review and finalize this?

.. toctree::
:maxdepth: 3

/process/sg_mattermost-doc-style.rst

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@it33

it33 Nov 13, 2016

Contributor

Sorry if I missed this, just wondering if we should add a note on file naming convention?

It seems this PR has sg_ as a prefix, which is different from how other pages are organized. If we use a prefix either we're going to be inconsistent across our pages or we'll have to redirect or break links to refactor everything to use prefixes (which is not bad, so long as we know how to do that properly--what we don't want is orphaned pages).

Our file naming isn't consistent yet, we should figure out if file naming is in scope for the style guide

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@JeffSchering

JeffSchering Nov 13, 2016

Author Contributor

I prefixed the files with sg_ simply to keep them sorted together in a directory listing. I don't think a formal, prescribed, file naming convention is required, although file naming is something to think about. The file name becomes part of the URL for the doc, so it should at least give a hint as to the contents of the doc, and for the most part that's already the case in the Mattermost docs. Let's leave file naming out of the style guide for now, and if it becomes apparent that a formal convention is needed, we can add it in. Even then, I don't think a whole-scale renaming would be called for. We don't know how many web pages outside of the docs point to the existing URLs, and renaming everything would break all that.

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@it33

it33 Nov 27, 2016

Contributor

Thanks @JeffSchering makes sense, we'll leave file naming out of the guide for now, and we can think about it later--along with a strategy for redirecting out-of-date pages.

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@jasonblais

jasonblais Dec 2, 2016

Member

We discussed among PMs and propose we remove the sg_ prefix from the style guide doc file names for now.

The sg_ prefix will appear in the URL when viewing the page on docs.mattermost.com, and could be confusing if a user doesn't associate sg_ with style guide.

We can consider file naming convention later.


A section title is not required if you have only one section.

Avoid subsections. If you find that you need subsections, quite often the document is too long, or too complex, and needs to be broken up into several pages.

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@it33

it33 Nov 13, 2016

Contributor

@JeffSchering not sure your thoughts on trying the monolith vs. separate pages? This PR seems to have a number of short and long pages broken up, did you want them still separate?

Use an underline only, with no overline on page titles. This makes the
rst include statement easier and more straight forward to use, while
maintaining structure and appearance.
@it33
it33 approved these changes Nov 27, 2016
Copy link
Contributor

it33 left a comment

Thanks @JeffSchering for addressing feedback. The reviews here have taken a bit longer than they should.

When we started I think we didn't yet have a process for @lindy65 to help prompt doc PRs that had been languishing and hopefully there's process for that now.

A few thoughts to think about for PM team outside of this PR:

  1. What's the expectation for responses on doc PR reviews?
  2. How do we prompt folks to review? (in my mind, doc PR reviews are higher priority than most community forum requests, but we don't seem to treat them that way).
  3. Propose having a ticket to document the PR review process for Docs--what's the expectation? How do we get reminded? When do we switch from WIP to a PR ready for merging? When is a doc PR okay going in without a dev review and when is one required?
@esethna esethna changed the title WIP: Style guide Style guide Nov 28, 2016
@it33

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Contributor

it33 commented Dec 1, 2016

Doc PRs are taking forever, I'm just going to merge this and we can correct anything missed.

@it33

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Contributor

it33 commented Dec 1, 2016

@JeffSchering sorry, I was going to merge this but it looks like there's some conflict, could you tweak and then we'll merge?

@esethna

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Member

esethna commented Dec 1, 2016

Hey @JeffSchering, sorry for the delayed review on this, PM team is planning to do a group review tomorrow afternoon.

@JeffSchering

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Contributor Author

JeffSchering commented Dec 1, 2016

@it33 It should be ok to merge now.

Copy link
Member

jasonblais left a comment

Overall great work!

Some feedback attached.

One suggestion is replacing the old documentation-guidelines.md with a new one that combines the document-structure and grammar-spelling-mechanics.rst docs in a single space.

We were thinking we could use it as a single checklist when working on a new doc.

Also, the old documentation-guidelines.md might be obsolete now that we have these new style guides.

@@ -0,0 +1,148 @@
Grammar, spelling, and mechanics

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@jasonblais

jasonblais Dec 2, 2016

Member

should this be title cased per "Document Title" guidelines above?


A section title is not required if you have only one section.

Avoid subsections. If you find that you need subsections, quite often the document is too long, or too complex, and needs to be broken up into several pages.

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@jasonblais

jasonblais Dec 2, 2016

Member

We actually use subsections quite a lot and can find them useful.

One sample page is Account Settings where we use subheadings to refer to particular account settings.

Let me know if you'd have any thoughts on that @JeffSchering? Could there be use cases when subsections might work better?

Tone
----

Use a direct, impartial tone. Most readers of the documentation are looking for answers and solutions to their problems; they are not looking for entertainment.

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@jasonblais

jasonblais Dec 2, 2016

Member

General question: Following the guideline of using short sentences, should we avoid the use of semicolons in docs? Does that make sentences structurally more complicated?

Commas
------

As a general rule, the serial comma results in greater clarity. However, there are always edge cases where a serial comma adds confusion to a sentence. Therefore, the Mattermost documentation will use the following rule for commas:

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@jasonblais

jasonblais Dec 2, 2016

Member

Serial comma is okay, but I'm not sure about the reasoning.

It sounds that "serial comma is preferred for greater clarity -- but there are edge cases, and therefore we use the serial comma". I assume the serial comma use is preferred due to clarity, so maybe just re-write this paragraph to make it clearer?

Capitalization
--------------

Use title case for page titles and sentence case for section titles.

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@jasonblais

jasonblais Dec 2, 2016

Member

Wondering if heading and section titles should also be title case?

Or do we have a principle/guideline on why we would use sentence case instead?

field names **bold** "Enter the font in the **Display Font** field."
commands ``monospace`` "At the command line, type ``sudo apt-get install nginx``."
citations *italic* "Read the book *Clean Code* by Robert Martin."
window titles *italic* "The *Account Settings* window opens."

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@jasonblais

jasonblais Dec 2, 2016

Member

Few tweaks:

  1. Please also help add a guideline for
  • keyboard buttons: all capitals with no spaces and no monospace highlighting. Example: CTRL+U
  • placeholder fields: inside square brackets, no other highlighting. Example: [team name]
  • key strokes in monospace: Example: 10
  1. Capitalize the fields under "Text" column (maybe add this part of guidelines for tables)

  2. Maybe group commands text formatting with the other monospace options. Perhaps below code samples.

  3. Propose replacing "menu selection" and "UI selection" with "Clickable Control", which covers both

Use highlighting of text to visually set off words and phrases that are important to readers. Content that should be highlighted includes file names, UI controls, and window titles. The following table has a comprehensive list with examples.

============== ================== =======================
Text Highlight Example

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@jasonblais

jasonblais Dec 2, 2016

Member

Should we add any guidelines for tables? For instance center-aligning the title row in tables?

window titles *italic* "The *Account Settings* window opens."
============== ================== =======================

Verb tense

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@jasonblais

jasonblais Dec 2, 2016

Member

maybe group "Verb tense" with tone and voice earlier in the document?


Paragraphs should express one idea or topic. Long paragraphs are sometimes difficult to read on screen, so try to keep them to 5 sentences or less. Short paragraphs are easier for people to scan quickly.

Try to keep sentences to 25 words or less in length. Short, single-clause sentences are often easier to understand and easier to translate.

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@jasonblais

jasonblais Dec 2, 2016

Member

could referencing the Hemingway writing app be useful?

It's a common tool to simplify your paragraphs and sentences, which could be helpful for anyone working on docs.

Not sure if you've used the app yourself or if you've used something else before @JeffSchering

.. toctree::
:maxdepth: 3

/process/sg_mattermost-doc-style.rst

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
@jasonblais

jasonblais Dec 2, 2016

Member

We discussed among PMs and propose we remove the sg_ prefix from the style guide doc file names for now.

The sg_ prefix will appear in the URL when viewing the page on docs.mattermost.com, and could be confusing if a user doesn't associate sg_ with style guide.

We can consider file naming convention later.

@esethna

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Member

esethna commented Dec 2, 2016

@JeffSchering Thanks for this, it's going to be a super useful guide! PM's met to discuss this PR, see the compiled feedback above. Please feel free to ping me if you have any questions!

@it33 it33 merged commit d7f2a30 into mattermost:master Dec 3, 2016
1 check passed
1 check passed
continuous-integration/travis-ci/pr The Travis CI build passed
Details
@it33

This comment has been minimized.

Copy link
Contributor

it33 commented Dec 3, 2016

@esethna @jasonblais could I ask your help to create a new PR for the proposed changes and manage that among the PM team?

PMs are accountable for the output of the community process, if we're way past any reasonable window for answering a review request, then we should do the updates ourselves--especially when we're still missing any documentation on what community members should expecting for the contribution process.

@JeffSchering's been working on this for a month, we agreed to merge it,

Regarding sg_ this was discussed and I believe Jeff is correct that there is no standard for filing naming right now, therefore there is no reason we shouldn't accept a filename with sg_ .

Moreover, Jeff is using sg_ as the prefix for a series of files combined into one monolithic file with includes, and I personally think that's not a bad system (though we should think about how filenaming plays when a file is included in multiple monolith pages...)

image

@JeffSchering huge thanks for starting something the entire community can use!

JeffSchering added a commit to JeffSchering/docs that referenced this pull request Dec 16, 2016
commit de832b3
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Fri Dec 16 10:59:37 2016 -0800

    updates and fixes

commit 59ff6a0
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 15 21:23:33 2016 -0800

    updates and fixes

commit 5ca226f
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 15 21:16:11 2016 -0800

    Updated PostgreSQL instructions

commit 6e8f8ec
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 15 16:54:29 2016 -0800

    Updated intro sentence

commit dcf4b92
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 15 16:53:51 2016 -0800

    Updated intro sentence

commit 0cc4d0c
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 15 16:52:39 2016 -0800

    Updated PostgreSQL instructions

commit a770863
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 15 10:39:48 2016 -0800

    Replaced 'What to do next' section

commit 5b0a3f1
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 15 10:37:23 2016 -0800

    fixes and updates

commit 705e262
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 15 10:22:57 2016 -0800

    new file

commit a8ac945
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 15 10:07:44 2016 -0800

    fixes and updates

commit a03a0e8
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 15 09:49:16 2016 -0800

    Added 6.6 to procedure intro

commit b890f19
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 15 09:35:37 2016 -0800

    Normalized 'install-*-mysql.rst' docs for consistency

commit cda4836
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 15 09:28:51 2016 -0800

    typo

commit d88c401
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 15 09:27:18 2016 -0800

    Normalized 'install-*-server.rst' docs for consistency

commit 9d6e143
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 15 09:03:43 2016 -0800

    Removed not used/not needed items from toctree in Installing Mattermost section

commit 80d273b
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 15 09:00:01 2016 -0800

    Removed the Configuring section as that content is now inline with the install instructions

commit cdf504f
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Wed Dec 14 22:22:49 2016 -0800

    Added files for RHEL 7.1 monolithic style

commit 7d7dc8b
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Wed Dec 14 22:21:26 2016 -0800

    updates and fixes

commit a1515c5
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Wed Dec 14 22:19:31 2016 -0800

    Changes to make files work for multiple installs (rhel, ubuntu)

commit 732286d
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Wed Dec 14 15:54:55 2016 -0800

    Deleted mention of 32-bit machines.

commit 37de5d1
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Wed Dec 14 10:50:53 2016 -0800

    Initial add of Ubuntu 16.04 'monolithic style' files

commit ef37ef5
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Wed Dec 14 09:12:37 2016 -0800

    Title underline was one char too short

commit 21dfce8
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Tue Dec 13 20:20:55 2016 -0800

    Added Step 7 and concluding paragraph.

commit 6876994
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Tue Dec 13 16:51:35 2016 -0800

    Added sentence about version being 5.6 or greater.

commit b4b2840
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Tue Dec 13 16:30:49 2016 -0800

    Added RHEL 6.6 install, and added MySQL database install

commit 4c407c0
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Tue Dec 13 16:29:23 2016 -0800

    Removed 'What to do next'

commit 8196a08
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Mon Dec 12 14:59:58 2016 -0800

    Typo

commit 864c400
Merge: 50f0308 64beb0a
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Mon Dec 12 14:38:29 2016 -0800

    Merge branch master into monlithic-install with resolved conflicts

commit 50f0308
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Mon Dec 12 10:37:33 2016 -0800

    Updates to streamline monolithic style

commit 64beb0a
Merge: 3f87f45 da4b80e
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Fri Dec 9 12:13:52 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#724 from ZJvandeWeg/patch-1

    Update docs regarding the Slack Attachment format

commit 3f87f45
Merge: a111c6f 0799da6
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Fri Dec 9 07:47:09 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#691 from mattermost/notifications-rst

    Update desktop notification browsers and convert to RST

commit da4b80e
Merge: 7af40c1 e7d216d
Author: Zeger-Jan van de Weg <ZJvandeWeg@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Fri Dec 9 16:42:45 2016 +0100

    Merge pull request mattermost#1 from ZJvandeWeg/tweak

    Add RST formatting and update intro

commit e7d216d
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Fri Dec 9 07:27:56 2016 -0800

    Add RST formatting and update intro

commit 7af40c1
Author: Zeger-Jan van de Weg <ZJvandeWeg@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Fri Dec 9 15:51:43 2016 +0100

    Update docs regarding the Slack Attachment format

commit a111c6f
Merge: 51b1860 6b55e9c
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 8 16:40:33 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#719 from mattermost/jasonblais-patch-2

    Clarify steps in managing open pull requests

commit 51b1860
Merge: d68e529 de9a873
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 8 16:38:01 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#697 from mattermost/jasonblais-patch-1

    Delete setup.md and add new Desktop Guides to TOC

commit d68e529
Merge: 5d6b2d9 bdcdcb1
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 8 16:34:14 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#690 from mattermost/hmhealey-patch-1

    Updated release build process to check for TODOs and update schema on master

commit 6b55e9c
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 8 19:20:59 2016 -0500

    Update approved reviewers section

commit de9a873
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 8 19:17:48 2016 -0500

    Update desktop-guide.rst

commit 5d6b2d9
Merge: 4b95ac8 2b37558
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 8 15:42:49 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#717 from mattermost/hmhealey-patch-2

    Update link from http to https in security process docs

commit 4b95ac8
Merge: 7f039fb 846033b
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 8 17:06:35 2016 -0500

    Merge pull request mattermost#721 from mattermost/jasonblais-patch-6

    Add new Russian localization maintainer

commit 846033b
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 8 17:05:57 2016 -0500

    Add new Russian localization maintainer

commit 7f039fb
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 8 16:41:44 2016 -0500

    Update changelog.md

commit 4c7b35c
Author: lfbrock <lfbrock@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 8 10:00:31 2016 -0500

    fixed an extra space before a period

commit 8769fb9
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 8 09:38:45 2016 -0500

    Update contribution-guide.md

commit babe7de
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 8 00:21:57 2016 -0500

    Fix typo in security.md

commit c9157ae
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Wed Dec 7 22:10:03 2016 -0700

    fix typos in security.md

commit a736f57
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 8 00:07:40 2016 -0500

    Update user.rst

commit e194438
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Wed Dec 7 23:45:48 2016 -0500

    Clarify steps in managing open pull requests

commit 2b37558
Author: Harrison Healey <harrisonmhealey@gmail.com>
Date:   Wed Dec 7 17:44:30 2016 -0500

    Update link from http to https in security process docs

commit 11843b3
Merge: 8b86192 2d5f549
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Wed Dec 7 14:04:57 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#680 from mattermost/process-updates

    Release process updates based on feedback from v3.5

commit 2d5f549
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Tue Dec 6 14:22:54 2016 -0800

    Update release-process.md

commit 8b86192
Merge: d0d2673 42e9410
Author: Yang Chen <yang2qwe@yahoo.ca>
Date:   Tue Dec 6 11:05:31 2016 -0500

    Merge pull request mattermost#673 from grundleborg/PLT-4280

    Update the Slack import docs with latest features.

commit bdcdcb1
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Tue Dec 6 08:04:38 2016 -0800

    Update release-process.md

commit 0799da6
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Tue Dec 6 07:55:15 2016 -0800

    Update configuring-notifications.rst

commit d0d2673
Merge: 91d3f3f f18a5b0
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Tue Dec 6 07:46:08 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#686 from mattermost/jasonblais-patch-2

    Update and rename desktop-changelog.md to desktop-changelog.rst

commit 91d3f3f
Merge: 9d370d6 11069ae
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Tue Dec 6 07:45:20 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#715 from kaakaa/patch-1

    fix typo

commit 9d370d6
Merge: 3b92f64 3c67e6b
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Tue Dec 6 07:44:40 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#688 from mattermost/lfbrock-patch-2

    Update requirements.rst

commit 11069ae
Author: Yusuke Nemoto <kaakaa@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Tue Dec 6 09:20:48 2016 +0900

    fix typo

commit 3b92f64
Merge: 5043aca 0eae637
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Mon Dec 5 16:04:32 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#714 from mattermost/jasonblais-patch-4

    Remove warning of trailing "/" in site URLs from Windows guides

commit 0eae637
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Mon Dec 5 16:32:31 2016 -0500

    Update prod-windows-2012.rst

commit 5043aca
Merge: add2266 a086eae
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Mon Dec 5 07:58:05 2016 -0500

    Merge pull request mattermost#713 from yuya-oc/patch-1

    Fix term in desktop.rst

commit a086eae
Author: Yuya Ochiai <yuya0321@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Dec 5 21:30:15 2016 +0900

    Fix term in desktop.rst

    operation system -> operating system

commit add2266
Merge: e0c89b2 2ac951e
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 20:40:11 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#712 from mattermost/toc

    Removing TOC from Docker preview install

commit 2ac951e
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 20:40:01 2016 -0800

    Removing TOC from Docker preview install

    Breaks formatting because of includes

commit e0c89b2
Merge: e787254 e2a9f49
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 20:31:11 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#711 from mattermost/Docker

    Fixing issue with TOC in SMTP docs

commit e2a9f49
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 20:30:36 2016 -0800

    Removing TOC from SMTP email

    When included in other docs it breaks TOCs

commit f25798c
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 20:29:14 2016 -0800

    Tweak to Docker intro

commit e787254
Merge: ca4bbf5 d96867b
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 20:15:03 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#710 from mattermost/toc

    Updating TOCs missed

commit d96867b
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 19:46:42 2016 -0800

    Adding changelog

commit 11aff92
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 19:29:42 2016 -0800

    Adding TOC

commit b53c6ee
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 19:26:54 2016 -0800

    Adding TOC, adjusting headings

commit 2eb505f
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 19:22:50 2016 -0800

    Adding TOC

commit 680bb32
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 18:58:27 2016 -0800

    Adding TOC

commit 50984bc
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 18:57:33 2016 -0800

    Adding TOC

commit 84fed0b
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 18:54:23 2016 -0800

    Adding TOC, minor heading tweaks

commit 8cd8df4
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 18:30:20 2016 -0800

    Adding TOC

commit aac3569
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 18:30:00 2016 -0800

    Adding TOC

commit ef9cd5e
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 18:29:07 2016 -0800

    Updating TOCs missed

commit ca4bbf5
Merge: 124187c 20492cf
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 18:11:24 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#707 from mattermost/toc

    Adding intro & TOC to production install guides

commit 20492cf
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 18:10:10 2016 -0800

    Adding TOC

commit 8eba2dc
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 18:09:50 2016 -0800

    Adding TOC

commit aaaf396
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 18:09:02 2016 -0800

    Adding TOC, updating unofficial note

commit ef2ed62
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 18:06:00 2016 -0800

    Adding automatic TOC

commit aca85d6
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 18:03:50 2016 -0800

    Adding TOC

commit 80b4aa1
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 18:02:06 2016 -0800

    Adding intro & TOC to production install guides

commit 124187c
Merge: 352bef1 f9fdaae
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 17:07:58 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#706 from mattermost/unofficial

    Noting Windows Install Guide unofficial

commit f9fdaae
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 17:07:50 2016 -0800

    Noting Windows Install Guide unofficial

commit 352bef1
Merge: 4206ff0 5ed1426
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 16:58:58 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#705 from mattermost/backlinks

    Trying out backlinks

commit 5ed1426
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 16:58:49 2016 -0800

    Trying out backlinks

commit 4206ff0
Merge: 9c94f9e eb7c102
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 11:53:50 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#703 from mattermost/TOC

    Fixing TOC nesting issue

commit eb7c102
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 11:53:13 2016 -0800

    Fixing TOC nesting issue

commit 9c94f9e
Merge: 89ee7b4 4777314
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 11:48:19 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#702 from mattermost/dev-guide

    Adding back "Mattermost Developers's Guide"

commit 4777314
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 11:48:11 2016 -0800

    Adding back "Mattermost Developers's Guide"

    To help SEO

commit 89ee7b4
Merge: f24869b 25a5bf0
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 11:47:15 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#665 from shieldsjared/github-issue-630

    Added a search box to the nav header for the mobile view.

commit f24869b
Merge: 2897dff 7078f8b
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 11:44:53 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#701 from mattermost/unofficial

    Moving WebRTC, Windows to "unofficial" TOC

commit 7078f8b
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 11:44:07 2016 -0800

    Depth = 1

commit dd90ec1
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 11:42:16 2016 -0800

    Moving WebRTC to Unofficial

commit 4ec35b6
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 11:40:36 2016 -0800

    Adding note on unofficial support

commit 2897dff
Merge: 0b8c2db 0870494
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 14:28:05 2016 -0500

    Merge pull request mattermost#689 from mattermost/lfbrock-patch-1

    Update and rename messaging-basics.md to messaging-basics.rst

commit 0b8c2db
Merge: 3f11c5e 8f577e7
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Dec 4 11:00:09 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#483 from shieldsjared/windows-install-guide

    Windows Installation/Deployment Guide

commit 8f577e7
Author: shieldsjared <shieldsjared@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Sep 4 17:11:06 2016 -0400

    Windows installation guide including feedback gathered from mutliple reviewed.  Ensured guide does not appear in TOC.

commit 3f11c5e
Merge: 837ba1c b2ce7d9
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sat Dec 3 20:05:18 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#700 from mattermost/errors

    Adding subtitles to simplify TOC

commit b2ce7d9
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sat Dec 3 20:05:12 2016 -0800

    Adding subtitles to simplify TOC

commit 837ba1c
Merge: 274044f 93aeecd
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sat Dec 3 20:02:08 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#699 from mattermost/depth

    Reducing Install Guides to depth=1

commit 93aeecd
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sat Dec 3 20:01:57 2016 -0800

    Reducing Install Guides to depth=1

    It's too repetitive otherwise

commit 274044f
Merge: d7f2a30 762071d
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Fri Dec 2 22:36:56 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#698 from mattermost/doc-guide

    Replacing introduction with title

commit 762071d
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Fri Dec 2 22:18:19 2016 -0800

    Replacing introduction with title

commit d7f2a30
Merge: e2afe9e 3ebb867
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Fri Dec 2 21:37:40 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#642 from JeffSchering/style-guide

    Style guide

commit e2afe9e
Merge: 7f7a85d a8507b7
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Fri Dec 2 21:34:01 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#694 from aureliojargas/patch-1

    Fix typo

commit 42e9410
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Fri Dec 2 17:41:49 2016 -0500

    Update migrating.rst

commit f18a5b0
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Fri Dec 2 17:32:57 2016 -0500

    Update desktop-changelog.rst

commit ec080c9
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Fri Dec 2 17:27:15 2016 -0500

    Delete setup.md

    This information is included in https://github.com/mattermost/docs/blob/master/source/help/apps/desktop-guide.rst

commit ab0a7da
Author: George Goldberg <george@gberg.me>
Date:   Fri Dec 2 16:58:07 2016 +0000

    Fix some URLs.

commit 187f4b0
Author: George Goldberg <george@gberg.me>
Date:   Fri Dec 2 16:56:04 2016 +0000

    Fix more review comments.

commit a8507b7
Author: Aurelio Jargas <verde@aurelio.net>
Date:   Fri Dec 2 11:00:13 2016 -0200

    Fix typo

commit 3ebb867
Merge: d06c917 7f7a85d
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 1 10:41:14 2016 -0800

    Merge branch master into style-guide with resolved conflicts

commit 7f7a85d
Merge: 91cf177 465dfb3
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 1 09:50:49 2016 -0700

    Merge pull request mattermost#668 from mattermost/jasonblais-patch-6

    Add notes about tenants to Office 365 docs

commit 0870494
Author: lfbrock <lfbrock@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Thu Dec 1 11:32:39 2016 -0500

    Update messaging-basics.rst

commit 91cf177
Merge: 7322d9d 4ebc882
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Wed Nov 30 21:12:31 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#684 from mattermost/depth

    Increasing page depth to 2

commit 7322d9d
Merge: 81ea3ba b3fb5c3
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Wed Nov 30 21:11:01 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#687 from mattermost/lindy65-patch-1

    Update working-at-mattermost.rst

commit b294bee
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Wed Nov 30 14:16:26 2016 -0700

    Update configuring-notifications.rst

commit 6716cd6
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Wed Nov 30 14:13:25 2016 -0700

    Update configuring-notifications.rst

commit 151b166
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Wed Nov 30 14:07:09 2016 -0700

    Update and rename configuring-notifications.md to configuring-notifications.rst

commit e3625af
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Wed Nov 30 13:51:14 2016 -0700

    Update release-process.md

commit c4e0252
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Wed Nov 30 13:37:59 2016 -0700

    Update release-process.md

commit 2d0647a
Author: Harrison Healey <harrisonmhealey@gmail.com>
Date:   Wed Nov 30 13:43:28 2016 -0500

    Updated release build process to check for TODOs and update schema on master

commit 35de0c6
Author: lfbrock <lfbrock@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Wed Nov 30 10:28:17 2016 -0500

    Update and rename messaging-basics.md to messaging-basics.rst

commit 07a18a5
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Tue Nov 29 15:28:53 2016 -0800

    Further revisions and updates

commit 81ea3ba
Merge: 242247b 1d729b9
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Tue Nov 29 14:59:04 2016 -0700

    Merge pull request mattermost#679 from grundleborg/meeting-timezones

    Correct meeting timezones to SF time

commit 242247b
Merge: fc9d455 4b070c6
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Tue Nov 29 14:54:28 2016 -0700

    Merge pull request mattermost#678 from mattermost/lfbrock-patch-1

    Update formatting-text to rst

commit 3c67e6b
Author: lfbrock <lfbrock@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Tue Nov 29 16:50:22 2016 -0500

    Update requirements.rst

commit fc9d455
Merge: bdf28cd 9183833
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Tue Nov 29 10:48:50 2016 -0700

    Merge pull request mattermost#609 from mattermost/sso-failover

    SSO failover

commit 9183833
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Tue Nov 29 10:44:03 2016 -0700

    fix typo

commit bdf28cd
Merge: 35abb7a c825fba
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Tue Nov 29 08:53:24 2016 -0700

    Merge pull request mattermost#682 from mattermost/point

    Propose no exclamation points in errors

commit c825fba
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Tue Nov 29 08:52:48 2016 -0700

    fix typo

commit 25a5bf0
Author: Jared Shields <shieldsjared@gmail.com>
Date:   Wed Nov 16 19:59:05 2016 -0500

    Added a search box to the nav header for the mobile view.

commit b3fb5c3
Author: lindy65 <lindy65@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Tue Nov 29 11:58:52 2016 +0200

    Update working-at-mattermost.rst

    Updated remaining holidays for 2016 and added holidays for 2017

commit b56349c
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Mon Nov 28 19:05:49 2016 -0500

    Update and rename desktop-changelog.md to desktop-changelog.rst

commit a1a77c2
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Mon Nov 28 15:39:09 2016 -0800

    Added a couple more files and started revising the content

commit 1d729b9
Author: George Goldberg <george@gberg.me>
Date:   Mon Nov 28 08:34:33 2016 +0000

    Use everytimezone.com for timezone links.

commit 4ebc882
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Nov 27 21:31:45 2016 -0800

    Increasing depth to 2

commit 1a5dd45
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Nov 27 21:31:24 2016 -0800

    Increasing depth to 2

commit a521277
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Nov 27 21:31:07 2016 -0800

    Increasing depth to 2

commit 34f3100
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Nov 27 21:30:26 2016 -0800

    Increasing page depth to 2

    Our docs are growing, proposing increasing page depth to make things easier to find

commit 0cee362
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Sun Nov 27 21:27:54 2016 -0800

    Initial file setup

commit 35abb7a
Merge: da85e2b 787df66
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Nov 27 20:55:57 2016 -0800

    Merge pull request mattermost#683 from mattermost/increase-depth

    Increasing depth of Core Team Handbook

commit 787df66
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Nov 27 20:55:31 2016 -0800

    Increasing depth of Core Team Handbook

commit 09fd10e
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Nov 27 19:43:38 2016 -0800

    Grammar tweak

commit 3df5bef
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Nov 27 19:42:46 2016 -0800

    Propose no exclamation points in errors

    - North American-centric expression of excitement might not translate well across global cultures.

commit da85e2b
Merge: 4cc5dc7 eba2313
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Sun Nov 27 18:09:17 2016 -0500

    Merge pull request mattermost#681 from quentinus95/patch-1

    Fix urls for GitLab configuration

commit 36a29a6
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Sun Nov 27 15:07:24 2016 -0800

    Updated based on LB's feedback

commit eba2313
Author: Quentin de Longraye <quentin@dldl.fr>
Date:   Sat Nov 26 23:07:53 2016 +0100

    fix copy/paste urls for GitLab configuration

commit 4cc5dc7
Merge: 05657dc 4171a8d
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Fri Nov 25 10:46:10 2016 -0700

    Merge pull request mattermost#677 from akrasian/patch-1

    Fixing typo in config-settings.rst

commit 05657dc
Merge: 4bf4c6c 82eeef8
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Fri Nov 25 10:45:22 2016 -0700

    Merge pull request mattermost#670 from mattermost/jasonblais-patch-2

    Update notes for rate limiting configuration settings

commit 773d289
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Thu Nov 24 15:51:35 2016 -0700

    updates based on feedback from v3.5

commit 58e5a24
Author: George Goldberg <george@gberg.me>
Date:   Thu Nov 24 19:07:33 2016 +0000

    Address review comments.

commit a2a81f6
Author: George Goldberg <george@gberg.me>
Date:   Thu Nov 24 16:06:37 2016 +0000

    Fix timezone of release process.

commit b92cd6b
Author: George Goldberg <george@gberg.me>
Date:   Thu Nov 24 16:01:40 2016 +0000

    Correct meeting timezones.

commit 4b070c6
Author: lfbrock <lfbrock@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Wed Nov 23 17:52:57 2016 -0500

    Add files via upload

commit 55d279e
Author: lfbrock <lfbrock@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Wed Nov 23 17:51:38 2016 -0500

    Update and rename formatting-text.md to formatting-text.rst

commit 4171a8d
Author: akrasian <karl9242@gmail.com>
Date:   Wed Nov 23 15:03:28 2016 -0600

    Fixing typo in config-settings.rst

    Entering "tls" in the config file will cause running mattermost to fail with the message "Invalid value for webserver connection security.".
    However, "TLS" works and will correctly configure mattermost to run with HTTPS.

commit 465dfb3
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Tue Nov 22 14:22:33 2016 -0500

    Update sso-office.md

commit 6578922
Author: George Goldberg <george@gberg.me>
Date:   Tue Nov 22 17:50:55 2016 +0000

    Update the Slack import docs with latest features.

    This updates the Slack import docs, in particular to note the fact that
    Bot messages, and file attachments can now be imported.

    PLT-4280.

commit 82eeef8
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Mon Nov 21 17:16:13 2016 -0500

    Update rate limiting in config settings docs

commit 756bf96
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Mon Nov 21 17:15:25 2016 -0500

    Update config-settings.rst

commit 3b4d3df
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Mon Nov 21 17:11:02 2016 -0500

    Update cluster.rst

commit 7b0c6fe
Author: Eric Sethna <eric@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Mon Nov 21 12:15:25 2016 -0700

    Update backup.rst

commit 42570b8
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Mon Nov 21 14:03:38 2016 -0500

    Add rate limiting configuration to clustering settings

commit d06c917
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Tue Nov 15 18:54:35 2016 -0800

    Changed the method of creating top-level headings

    Use an underline only, with no overline on page titles. This makes the
    rst include statement easier and more straight forward to use, while
    maintaining structure and appearance.

commit 8ea3bf2
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Wed Nov 9 09:46:21 2016 -0800

    Implemented feedback and added some content

commit a15291d
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Thu Nov 3 22:04:59 2016 -0700

    Clarification

commit 9fa09b3
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Thu Nov 3 22:04:39 2016 -0700

    Added content

    Added content for 'Bullet lists' and 'Numbered lists and procedures' and
    made a few minor adjustments elsewhere

commit 17a4a07
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Thu Nov 3 22:03:02 2016 -0700

    Added two sections

    Added 'Literal blocks' and 'Menu selections'

commit 55296f0
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Thu Nov 3 17:20:40 2016 -0700

    Added more content plus rest markup guide

commit 9d1a753
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Wed Nov 2 12:21:45 2016 -0700

    Break up into separate files and add more content

commit 7933e15
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Sun Oct 30 20:11:10 2016 -0700

    initial text

commit 575f4bf
Author: Jeff Schering <jeffsch@uniserve.com>
Date:   Fri Oct 28 19:24:50 2016 -0700

    initial add

commit 848f34d
Author: it33 <it33@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Fri Oct 21 16:59:14 2016 -0700

    SSO failover

commit 5f004e9
Author: Jason Blais <jason@spinpunch.com>
Date:   Tue Sep 13 02:15:56 2016 -0400

    Add notes about tenants
Sign up for free to join this conversation on GitHub. Already have an account? Sign in to comment
Projects
None yet
5 participants
You can’t perform that action at this time.